Ou Ying, what do you think?
Oh, I see.
Are you here to accompany you to manage the housewife?
No more eye pain
Don't want to be beaten
I'll tell you what.
I haven't counted with you like this last time.
Then we're going to repeat it today
I warn you.
Today, my parents came with me
I'll tell them if I dare to go again
Let them clean up
It's humiliating anyway
How old are you, and you still scare people with your parents?
It's not shameful to lose
Then don't you always rely on me?
I warn you.
If I hear this from you next time
word
I will cut your tongue out and throw it into the sea
Do you dare to see me?
Yaoyao
Sister, why did you hit me?
Yaoyao, are you alright?
Oye, how dare you hit Yaoyao?
I fought with you
let go
I told you to let go, did you hear that?
Ah!